Allow  underscores in hex strings. (#7374)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

Hexadecimal Literals
--------------------

> Hexadecimal literals are prefixed with the keyword ``hex`` and are enclosed in double or single-quotes (``hex"001122FF"``, ``hex"0011_22_FF"``). Their content must be hexadecimal digits which can optionally be delimited with a single underscore between byte boundaries. The value of the literal will be the binary representation of the hexadecimal number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hexadecimal literals are prefixed with the keyword ``hex`` and are enclosed in double or single-quotes (``hex"001122FF"``, ``hex"0011_22_FF"``). Their content must be hexadecimal digits which can optionally use a single underscore separator between byte boundaries. The value of the literal will be the binary representation of the hexadecimal number.
```

Reviewer: And maybe do not use the term `hexadeimal number` because that raises questions of alignment and endianness.

Reviewer: Did you undo the change again?

Author: Must have accidentally force-pushed it away again, yes... I'll fix it.
